{"I am a vegetarian that struggles every day to be one. I work as a part-time henna-tattoo artist. I am bisexual and if you do not support LGBT, then please do not message me. I believe that Justin Trudeau the Prime Minister of Canada is a beautiful man. I am fairly liberal, support feminism, and also believe that the struggles of men should also be heard. ",
"Hey everyone, I do not like summer and like autumn. I do not like to sit at home and watching films or videos all the time. I want to go out and jog. Hope to find friends here. ",
"hi everybody!! message me, I want to meet new friends! :) I am Italian but now I am currently doing an Erasmus in Girona, Spain!! I would like to learn Yoga and stretching! I love hike and I would like to chat with fellow gymaholics from all over the world.",
"Hello. I am a track runner but I have recently broke my ankle. I would like to go with a chill person just to walk or do small jogs. I just really want someones company because I am a little depressed over not being able to be an athlete for a while.",
"Striving for a balanced mind, body and soul. Aim high, dream big.",
"I am a dancer looking forward to meet some people that I could do Yoga with to improve my stretching skills",
"I like to go hiking and camping. Let me know if you are interested we could go as a small group up the mountains.",
"Life is not meaningful without friends. I spend a lot of time working out alone and I do not have a lot of time for social activities since I am overwhelmed with school work. I want to get to know new people and have work out buddies!",
"Bike Riding is my life. I feel like I prefer to use the bikes wheels instead of my own feet to get to places. I would love to have someone to bike ride with around the city. I am also open to other workouts so do not be shy and message me!",
"It is hard to find the perfect workout partner since there is a wide variety of workout times. I am hoping this app will help me get to practice with people that meet my weird workout schedule times!"}

